(gentle music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(police siren wailing)
(ominous music)
(tense music)
(footsteps clacking)
(lawnmower distantly whirring)
(camera light booms)
- Hey. Char.
Can we do that one again?
I think you look
a bit frightened.
- Ugh. Tom.
- Please. please.
please. please.
The light is gorgeous here.
You look gorgeous here.
Get the flower up.
Put it in front.
Nice.
(camera clicks)
Oh. fuck.
- Why don't you just
get a digital one?
- Developing is part of the fun.
Where have you
been? You're late.
- Yeah. the tube was packed.
- You should have got a taxi.
- [Charlotte] I did in the end.
- Yeah. let me.
Nice flower.
- Yeah. I got it
for the arrangement.
I need a shower.
(somber music)
- Bon appetite.
It's nice. getting dressed up
with nowhere to go. isn't it?
- Tom.
- Not a bad life. eh?
I was thinking that
maybe we could try again
for a baby tonight.
(foreboding music)
(phone buzzing)
Oh. it's mother. I
have to take this.
(ominous music)
Hey.
Sorry about that.
Mm. probably shouldn't
have any more of this.
- Tom. I need to
tell you something.
I'm leaving you.
I don't want anything from you.
I just. I can't do this anymore.
- Are you fucking serious?
(ominous music)
I don't understand.
Is this not enough for you?
Everything I've given you.
everything you've got?
- It's never been
about the money.
- Who is he?
- It isn't about
anyone else. It's us.
It isn't working.
- It is.
It is fucking working!
(glass clatters)
Let's talk tomorrow
once you've calmed down.
I'll be at the manor
if you need me.
(somber music)
(traffic distantly roaring)
(ominous music)
(phone ringing)
- [Ewan] Hi. it's
Ewan's answer phone.
Please leave a message.
(ominous music)
(knocking)
(traffic distantly roaring)
- Hey. is Ewan here?
- Sorry. I don't know
anyone by that name.
- Did he leave?
- I've lived here
for five years.
- No. we were here
just yesterday.
- I don't think so.
(solemn music)
(rain pattering)
(traffic roaring)
(ominous music)
- May I take your case?
(solemn music)
(car door slams)
(car engine rumbles)
How did you meet him?
You don't have to be alone
in this world. you know.
Take a look.
You've heard of being catfished?
You've been
manipulated. Charlotte.
(foreboding music)
(Charlotte sniffles)
Some people are just fucked up.
Look.
I get it.
We were struggling and I
wasn't there enough for you.
I was always at work
and that will change.
I will change.
But I don't want to lose you.
I hope we can get past this.
- How can you?
- Because you're my wife.
As I said. it's probably
my fault anyway.
- I'm so sorry.
- We both made mistakes.
But that is nice
to hear. though.
We'll need time.
- I'll stay in the
spare room for now.
(somber music)
(birds chirping)
(ominous music)
I love you. Charlotte.
I know I keep
asking. but please.
please. let's run away together.
(gentle music)
- Let's do it.
You win.
Tonight.
- Are you serious?
- Go on. start packing.
What?
- No. I just...
I need to do something
first. I'm sorry.
- I knew it.
- No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no.
I'm sorry. I'm stupid.
It's my fault. I didn't
think it would be serious.
Of course I want this. I do.
But tomorrow...
Oh. come on. Don't
do that to me.
- Look. this is a
really big step for me.
- I've never felt like
this before. you know that.
It's just. it's just my sister.
She'd never forgive me.
Sorry. look. I'm going to
explain everything soon.
Tomorrow.
Outside Harrods. 10 a.m.
- We're really doing this.
- Yes. we are.
(tender music)
- Tomorrow.
(traffic roaring)
(ominous music)
(birds chirping)
(gentle piano music)
- How are you. darling?
- Good morning. ladies.
What can I get for you?
Two G and Ts please.
just a slice of lemon.
Make them doubles.
- [Waiter] Certainly.
- So.
- I mean-
- Where were you going to go?
- What?
- You have no family
apart from us.
We know he can be difficult.
But Tom still loves you.
- Is how I feel important?
I've been unhappy
for a long time.
- Well. you didn't look unhappy
at all those charity balls.
- I felt alone.
I've given everything
up for Tom.
- Being the wife
of a CEO is a job.
It can be lonely. and sometimes.
we have to make sacrifices.
but it has its rewards.
Thank you.
- There you go.
(ominous music)
- Drink that. It'll
make you feel better.
(gentle music)
(birds chirping)
I know that life would
be a little tricky
if he wasn't in it.
that's for sure.
I'll look out for you.
(Charlotte retches)
I'm so sorry.
I don't know what just happened.
(couple indistinctly chatting)
(ominous music)
- [Ewan] When will
I see you again?
(tense music)
I love you. Charlotte.
(Charlotte sobbing)
- [Passerby] Are
you all right. love?
- [Charlotte] Oh. yes.
- Is there anyone I can call?
- No.
(somber music)
- [Ewan] Hi. it's
Ewan's answer phone.
Please leave a message.
- Whoever you are. just
stay the fuck away from me.
(traffic roaring)
(birds chirping)
(workers indistinctly chatting)
- I'm delighted to hear that.
and I'm surrounded by a
bunch of smiling faces.
We will see you very soon.
Okay. thank you. Goodbye.
(staff applauding)
We'll celebrate in a
second. My wife is here.
(staff excitedly chattering)
Hey.
- Well done.
- Thanks.
- I was just in town
with your mother.
- Oh. yeah. how did it go?
- Yeah. she said that
we should go to the
manor house next weekend.
and take some time there.
- That's great.
(team cheering)
- I know. you've got work.
- No. no. I'll make it happen.
We need to. right?
- Mhm.
And I'll feel safer there.
- Safer?
- I feel like someone
is following me again.
- This isn't uni. Charlotte.
- Of course. you're not
taking me seriously.
- No. no. no. you're right.
I'm being insensitive.
I'm sorry.
- Maybe it is all in my head.
but it really
doesn't feel like it.
- Look.
- You're right.
- What?
Sorry. what are
you talking about?
- I needed to know the truth.
You weren't there
in the morning. so I
tracked your phone.
- You had someone follow me?
- I had an old friend of
my mother's follow you.
- You asshole!
- I'm the asshole?
You've been cold. distant.
I should be the one
cheating on you!
- Oh.
- Look. I'm sorry.
You're right. I
shouldn't have done it.
but I needed to know.
You can understand that. right?
- Yeah. I can.
So who's the man I keep seeing?
- I don't know.
I mean. you're a beautiful
woman. Charlotte.
People look at you all the time.
Sorry.
Look. I will be
home early tonight.
Maybe we can have dinner. and
talk about our weekend away?
Yeah.
(somber music)
(staff excitedly chattering)
(birds chirping)
(car engine rumbling)
- It's nice to see
you both again.
- I do love it here.
- [Charlotte] Mhm. peaceful.
(gunshot bangs)
- It's just Stefan.
Culling season. I asked him to.
(gunshot bangs)
- Of course.
I sometimes forget
you own this place.
- Well. it feels
like mother does.
My father's will says she
can live here if she wishes.
- It will always feel
like Isadora's house.
- You'll feel differently
when you're lady of the manor.
(solemn music)
(birds chirping)
(creek burbling)
- Oh. what's this?
- Mother plants fresh bulbs
for spring every year.
- That's nice.
- Yeah. stand there.
New memories.
(camera clicks)
Let's get a selfie.
- [Charlotte] Okay.
- Smile.
(camera clicks)
Perfect.
- What's she doing?
- [Stefan] I'll
keep an eye on her.
- Wow. you look amazing.
- Thank you.
- Good evening.
- Evening.
- Bon appetite.
(Tom chuckles)
- Wow.
What is this?
(gentle music)
Charlotte!
- I know.
Can you believe it?
This is incredible.
Are you sure?
- It's my 10th test.
- Is it mine?
- Yes. of course.
I'll get a test to
prove it. if you want.
- We're doing good. aren't we?
- I can't believe I almost
screwed everything up.
- So did I.
I'll do better.
Please tell me.
Say you're mine.
- What are you doing?
No. she's going to
be back in a minute.
(gentle orchestral music)
(both grunt)
(Tom grunts)
(tableware clatters)
(foreboding music)
- Are you okay?
- I feel faint.
- [Tom] Char?
(Ewan sighs)
(ominous music)
- Ewan.
- Where have you been?
(foreboding music)
- [Tom] Charlotte.
are you all right?
- Hey. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to wake you.
I'll be back soon.
- What are you doing?
- Just looking up
fainting and pregnancy.
It's a thing apparently.
- Low blood sugar?
- Yeah. exactly.
- Oh. no. thank you.
- You should eat.
Morning sickness?
- Yeah. I'll be fine in a bit.
- [Tanner] You
should try crackers.
- Sorry?
- My sister craved
them with her first.
It makes all the difference
in the morning as well.
- I've just got to develop
some pictures from yesterday.
so bear with me a little bit.
- Thank you.
- I hope you brought the key.
We don't have any
spare around here.
- Yeah. I've got both.
Don't want anyone going
in and ruining my photos.
It's called a dark room
for a reason. isn't it?
- Yes. but with all
the recent break-ins.
I thought I need to
be a bit more careful.
- Exactly.
- There was a break-in?
You didn't tell me.
- Oh. nothing to worry about.
- You know. I might just
go and get some air.
if you don't mind.
- Yeah. sure.
Wait. can you ask Stefan
to walk with her. please?
- Oh. no. Tom. it's
fine. I don't need-
- Don't be silly.
I can't have my beautiful
wife falling into the pond.
- Honestly.
- No. seriously. though.
- It was Tom's father that
planted the apple tree
against his father's wishes.
It was he that bought the
manor in the first place.
but it was Isadora that
really made this place shine.
- Mrs. Carlisle. are you okay?
- Yes. sorry. Stefan.
Would you mind getting
me something to drink?
- Be right back.
(birds chirping)
(phone ringing)
- [Rebecka] Hello?
- Hi. is this Rebecka?
I'm calling about your brother.
- [Rebecka] Listen. if
this is another prank call-
- No. we were in a relationship.
- [Rebecka] Go on.
- My name's Charlotte.
Listen. could we meet?
Something's happened
to him. hasn't it?
I think it might be my fault.
Someone's been following me.
- [Rebecka] Tomorrow at
Richmond Park. 5 o'clock.
near the coffee cart.
(phone clicks)
(crow caws)
- Thank you.
(birds chirping)
(foreboding music)
- Hi. how long have
you been waiting for?
(Charlotte sighs)
- [Rebecka] Charlotte?
- Hi. Rebecka?
- Becky.
You're exactly how I imagined.
- He talked about me?
- When was the last
time you saw him?
- A few weeks ago.
We were supposed to
meet the next morning.
but he never showed up.
We were going to run away.
- From the people
he owes money to?
- What people?
- Oh. I dunno.
It's just. well.
he was in trouble.
It stands to reason
it was about money.
You said someone
was following you.
- Do you think it could be them?
- You're rich. aren't you?
- No. my husband is.
- Which means you are.
which is probably why they're
following you to get to him.
- So. if we find
out who they are.
then I suppose they
could take us to Ewan.
- You know Ewan's
not his proper name?
- Oh. yeah. I do.
(phone buzzing)
Oh.
- You can get it.
- No. it's fine.
- Well. I've exhausted
the police. the hospitals.
He's not touched
his bank account.
The police are aware.
but they just don't
consider him a priority.
(phone dings)
I take it you haven't
got a clue where he is
or who was after him?
- No.
There is the girl
at his apartment.
- What girl?
- At his place in Hackney.
- He doesn't live in Hackney.
- We met there all the time.
- Well. let's go.
- I can't. not now.
- That was your husband
calling. wasn't it?
- I'm sorry.
- I'm not here to judge you.
I just want to find
my little brother.
(foreboding music)
- You have to answer my calls.
- I was in a shop.
I didn't hear it.
(table bangs)
- Don't fucking lie to me!
You were in the park.
I'm trying. Charlotte.
I'm trying really hard here.
but you have to meet me halfway.
- Did you track my phone again?
- Do you have any idea what a
cheating wife does to a man?
You tell me that
you're being followed.
therefore I have to
know that you're safe.
- Okay.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
- You want me to
protect you. Charlotte?
You have to help
me do that. okay?
(somber music)
(shower burbling)
(both grunting)
Say you're mine.
- I'm yours.
(birds chirping)
(ominous music)
- Hey. didn't you get
enough exercise last night?
Aren't you supposed
to be working?
Don't tell me you've forgotten.
It's our work dinner
tonight. to celebrate.
Got you some bagels.
And I got you this.
I've got the same one
at work on my desk.
- It's lovely.
- Isn't it?
- If you don't mind. I might
have breakfast when I get back.
There's a class
starting in a minute.
- Mother is parking the car.
She'll be here in a minute.
(doorbell rings)
Speak of the devil.
Sorry. I should've
warned you before.
She just said she wanted to
speak about pregnancy and stuff.
(doorbell rings)
- Morning.
- Hi. Isadora.
I was just heading out.
- You're not going out
dressed like that. are you?
- Thank you!
- This is just my gym gear.
- And why is no one
handing me a drink?
- Do you mind?
Thanks.
Coffee?
- Thank you.
- Actually. Char. could you
make her bagel as well please?
- Oh. don't put too
much humus on it.
Load the cucumber. No
salt. lots of pepper.
- Sounds good. actually.
Same for me. please.
- Haven't you just
had breakfast?
- Yeah. so what?
- You've always been
like that. a greedy pig.
When I was pregnant with
him. he nearly killed me.
took all the nutrients
from my body.
- You told me that
I almost died.
- Well. you did.
You strangled yourself
on me umbilical cord.
- They had to cut you out.
Touch and go. they said.
I didn't see you for hours.
- Yeah. and now I
can't get rid of you.
- Oh. thanks.
- And you're still
taking my nutrients.
- There's another
one on the way.
(foreboding music)
- Oh. God. I'm sorry!
- Are you okay? Have
you burned yourself?
- No. your rug. I've ruined it.
I need some carpet
cleaner and a tea towel.
- It's fine. I'll do it.
- No. no. no.
(phone dings)
Oh. it won't come out.
- Don't worry. We'll just
get someone in to clean it.
Mother. it's fine. Leave it.
- It's done now.
(foreboding music)
(Isadora panting)
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. just pins and
needles. I'll be fine.
- Can I get you some water?
- Something stronger. dear.
- Tom. I'll have to go and
get a new dress for tonight.
- Yeah. fine.
Just meet us there. I guess.
(car engine rumbling)
- Are you sure about this?
- You've got my size. right?
- Remember. you have to be
there by seven. no later.
- I'll contact
you if I need you.
(car engine rumbles)
(knocking)
(distant footsteps thumping)
- Yes?
What do you want?
- We're looking for my brother.
We know he stayed here.
- And I told her. he didn't.
Oh. wait. please!
We just want to
know what happened.
He's missing.
- What's that got to do with me?
- Here. this is him.
- Sorry. I've never
seen him before.
Move your hand.
- Great.
- Shit. I think that's the
guy that's been following me.
(tense music)
- What the fuck. Troy?
- Jesus. when did you get back?
- [Paula] I thought
you'd moved out.
- [Troy] Well. you could
have called. couldn't ya?
At least told me
you're coming back.
- Come on.
- You're crazy.
- Let's go.
- [Paula] So. come on. then.
What shit have you got
yourself involved in now?
- [Troy] What are
you talking about?
- [Paula] Two women
just turned up.
looking for some missing bloke.
- What?
Fuck!
Fuck.
(paper shredder whirring)
- You lying little shit. you
did something at my place.
- You've been away for
God knows how long. okay?
I needed to pay rent.
- Is that what you've been
doing? Watching people again.
- It was just some guy I know.
He was fucking a
married woman for money.
If you've bought me any grief.
in fact. do you know what?
Get the fuck out of my house.
- Paula. Paula!
- I mean it.
- Look. I'm paid to
take photos. that's it.
- Well. then where's the money?
'Cause it's not like
you paid me any rent.
- They were supposed to
pay and then they fired me.
- Oh my God.
- So I took something of theirs.
You're going to
love this. come on.
(ominous music)
Shit.
- You are pathetic.
- All right. just
give me five minutes.
I'll grab the key and
then I'll explain it all.
(front door slams)
- Look. we need help.
Just here us out. please.
- And what if I don't?
- Please.
- For fuck's sake.
He's involved in something.
I need a hammer.
(lock bangs)
(ominous music)
Who does this belong to?
- That's Isadora's.
(knocking)
- Fucking idiot's
forgotten his key.
You two should probably hide.
(foreboding music)
I told you.
(tense music)
(Paula gasps)
(Paula screams)
(Paula gasping)
(blood splatters)
(train distantly clattering)
(footsteps distantly clattering)
(Rebecka gasps)
- Sh. sh. sh. sh!
(front door slams)
(solemn music)
- What the fuck are you doing?
Come on!
(ominous music)
(both panting)
I feel sick.
- That necklace belonged
to my mother-in-law.
- [Rebecka] What?
- She set me up!
(Rebecka panting)
- What the fuck just happened?
- Your brother was
paid to sleep with me.
Maybe Isadora's
covering her tracks.
- Fuck. fuck. fuck.
- [Charlotte] But she can't
be responsible for murder.
- Was my brother
killed. protecting you?
(car door distantly slams)
- Give me your phone.
Please be nearby. Stefan.
- The police?
- No. take this. It's evidence.
(Rebecka panting)
(distant clattering)
(Charlotte gasps)
(foreboding music)
(Rebecka sighs)
Are you okay?
You should go.
(car engine rumbling)
- Are you okay. Mrs. Carlisle?
- Yes. I just don't
want to be late.
- It's all there.
like you asked.
- Thank you. Stefan.
(traffic roaring)
(ominous music)
(group laughing)
- Seriously. though.
Thank you so much.
guys and gals.
for everything you've done.
I couldn't have
done it without you.
Congratulations.
- [All] Cheers!
(group muttering)
(gentle music)
- Great dress.
- I need to talk to you.
- Now?
- You look stunning.
- Mrs. Carlisle.
(crowd muttering)
(gentle music)
- Have this.
- Thank you.
- Steady. steady. steady.
- Who's this for?
- It's for me.
(ominous music)
- Mother. I'm so glad
you could make it.
- Well. my money started
this whole venture.
so I should reap some benefits.
Would you. dear?
Thank you.
Good evening. everyone.
- [All] Good evening.
- Oh. Francis.
- Good evening.
Isadora. How are you?
- I'm short of a double G and T.
- For you. madam?
- Uh. just tap water.
She's got a baby on the way.
- [Francis] Drinks
coming right up.
(ominous music)
- You okay?
- Just need the bathroom.
(foreboding music)
(bathroom door creaks)
(heels clacking)
- Are you all right?
- Stressful day.
- It's not easy.
thinking for two.
You've got some red on you.
Have you hurt yourself?
- No. it must be a
bite or something.
(ominous music)
Someone's been following me.
- What are you talking about?
- When I was meeting you.
and I'm still being followed.
- You always did have a
vivid imagination. Charlotte.
- This has gone far enough.
Tom needs to know.
and you need to stay
the fuck away from me.
- Charlotte. I have
never had you followed.
My friend happened to
see you outside Harrods.
That's all.
- You paid Ewan to seduce
me. and now someone's dead.
I...
- Charlotte?
I. I...
(tense music)
(ominous whoosh)
(ethereal music)
- Help me.
- What?
(blood splattering)
(ominous music)
I love you.
(Charlotte gasps)
(birds chirping)
- [Tom] You've reached
Tom's voice mail.
Please leave a message.
- Tom. You have to call me back.
I need to talk to you.
(phone buzzing)
Hey. are you okay?
- [Rebecka] Can you meet?
- Do you think that's wise?
- You really need to see this.
I'll send you the address.
(phone rings)
- Hi. Mrs. C.
Are you feeling better?
- I don't know what
happened last night.
Did you bring me home?
- [Stefan] Yes. with Mr. C.
- Can you come and get me now?
- Sorry. no. I'm
driving to the manor.
- Who's with you?
- [Stefan] Isadora.
(ominous music)
- I shan't be long.
- Isadora. I wasn't
expecting you.
- I'm not staying. Tanner.
Just forget I'm here.
(foreboding music)
(doorknob rattles)
(tense music)
- Hi.
- You've been busy.
- I couldn't sleep.
There's quite a lot of them.
It looks like your mother-in law
had you both
followed for months.
Why pay Ewan to sleep with you?
(foreboding music)
- Did you find
any more of these?
- Um. that pile there.
(foreboding music)
- Fuck.
(tense music)
They must have been
inside the flat.
- The same person that
killed that poor girl
was in there. watching you.
This is freaking me out.
- What are you doing?
(Tom laughs)
- I used to hide in there.
What. you thought I didn't
know you were in there?
(Tanner knocks)
- [Tanner] Is
everything all right?
- We don't need to air our
dirty laundry in public. do we?
- Public?
- Think of the staff.
(Tanner knocks)
- [Tanner] Isadora.
are you okay?
- Yeah. all hunky dory in here.
Thanks. Mrs. T.
(ominous music)
Ah. yeah. precious Peter.
(camera clicks)
(Young Isadora moans)
- Run away with me. Issy.
- What about Tom?
- [Peter] He's
not a kid anymore.
- I covered for you.
You have no idea
what that cost me.
- Who cares what it costs?
- Peter didn't deserve
what happened to him!
- So you know?
(ominous music)
- Know what?
It was an accident. right?
- Deep down inside.
you always knew.
(Isadora grunts)
(Isadora groans)
Is that what you liked
with Peter. huh. huh?
- Please. Tom. stop it!
- So you did know.
and you did nothing.
- You are my son.
- I am what I am.
I am your son. Can you blame me?
- Well. you don't own me. and
I have. ah. made sure. ah!
(Isadora groans)
- Mother?
- Tanner!
- If you're fucking around...
- I can't feel my...
(Isadora groaning)
- Tanner. Tanner!
- [Tanner] What's happened?
- I don't know.
She just collapsed.
- She's having a seizure!
Call an ambulance!
Isadora?
It's okay. Isadora.
(Isadora groaning)
- This is so fucked up.
I can't do this anymore.
I can't be connected
to you. Charlotte.
People are dying.
- Becki.
- You should go.
You have a husband. a driver.
a fucking housekeeper.
It's just me.
- Becki.
- I'm frightened.
(phone buzzing)
Please. just leave.
- Tom?
(footsteps distantly clattering)
(door clicks)
- Hey.
- How's she doing?
- She's had an aneurism.
There's nothing they can do.
Can we talk about
something else?
- Sure.
(somber music)
- You wanted to talk?
- Hm?
- You left me a voice message.
and then. at the dinner.
before you'd had
too much Champagne.
you said you wanted
to tell me something.
- Yeah. um...
It's fine. It
doesn't matter now.
(solemn music)
(Tom sighs)
- I'll miss you.
(solemn music)
(birds chirping)
- Isadora Carlisle's
last will and testament.
Obviously. the
business and the manor
already belong to you. Tom.
but she was very clear about
the rest of the estate.
Aside from the
specific trust fund
she set up for your
future children.
and the significant gift
she leaves to Mrs. Tanner.
everything else
goes to Charlotte.
(ominous music)
- What?
- The 10 million remaining
has been requested
to go to Charlotte.
- Why?
- No. that's impossible.
(foreboding music)
What the fuck were you thinking.
letting my mother do that?
- [Lawyer] Isadora was a
force to be reckoned with.
I did warn her this
would cause issues.
- [Tom] That's impossible!
I looked at it the other day.
How could this have happened?
I'm her son! This
is fucking insane!
(somber orchestral music)
(traffic roaring)
(phone rings)
- [Charlotte] Becki. hi.
- I told you not to call.
- I know. I know. but
listen. it doesn't add up.
- [Rebecka] What doesn't?
- Isadora. she passed away.
- Right.
- [Charlotte] She left
all her money to me.
- I don't want to
know. Charlotte.
Look. I'm going to have to go.
- Wait. wait. but it
doesn't make sense.
Why would Isadora do that?
- Well. maybe Isadora
wasn't behind it.
- Then who was?
- [Tanner] I can give you a
month. but then I need to go.
- [Tom] What a surprise!
You finally get money out
of us and now you leave!
- I mean things won't be
the same without Isadora.
- Yeah. well. I'll be
sorry to see you go.
- [Tanner] Tom. I don't
know why she did it.
- [Tom] Really? Because
she told you everything.
- [Tanner] It was as
much a surprise to me.
- How is your sister?
- She's getting better.
Thanks to Isadora.
(door creaks)
- Stefan.
- Mr. C.
- Rabbit stew for supper?
Charlotte will love that.
- Are you okay?
- [Tanner] He was
just being. um...
(ominous music)
(birds chirping)
(lock clattering)
(door slams)
- Did you know what
she was planning?
Were you in on this as well?
- What? No. of course not.
(boxes clattering)
(ominous music)
What is it?
- Burn these sheets.
- What?
(Charlotte groans)
- Fuck!
Fuck!
(boxes clattering)
She used to put these
on the fucking bed
whenever she fucked!
(solemn music)
(Tom sobs)
I've hurt you.
I'm so sorry. I'm really sorry.
(Tom sobs)
- This isn't good for me or
the baby and I won't accept it.
I'll leave first
thing in the morning.
- No. please. please. don't.
You don't know what
I've been through.
You don't know what it was
like to grow up in this house.
No one ever argued
with my mother.
and now she's delivered a
final blow with this will.
- Don't.
Just don't.
(solemn music)
(Charlotte sighs)
(birds chirping)
- Ah. you're up!
I've given Stefan and
Tanner the day off.
I thought I'd treat you
to a special breakfast.
Here. let me help you with that.
Your favorite.
coffee and crackers.
- No. Tom. I don't
want any of this.
- Look. I know that I
haven't been myself.
and I promised that I would
change to help this marriage.
and I haven't kept
that promise yet.
but I want to be there
for the mother of my son.
and I've taken
this week off work.
so we can spend some
quality time together.
Please. give me one more chance.
Just today if nothing else.
and if you're still
not happy later.
I'll tell Stefan to
take you home. okay?
You should eat.
You're hungry. right?
What are you waiting for?
(tense music)
(rain pattering)
(birds chirping)
So. I'm going to build
a play area over there.
and on the left.
there'll be a slide.
and a swing on the right.
This is what we can't have
in London. all this space.
I'll protect you.
(tense music)
I just want us to go
back to how we were.
You're mine. Charlotte.
And we will be happy. I promise.
(foreboding music)
Here.
To us.
I didn't make it.
Mrs. Tanner left it for us.
- Well. I was surprised
you managed breakfast.
- Well. technically...
Here. I got you something.
It's just a little gift that
I think you might enjoy.
(Charlotte sighs)
(ominous music)
Stunning. isn't it?
You should try it on.
Move your hair.
(tense music)
It's so stunning.
you can't even speak.
Wow. it looks gorgeous.
(peaceful classical music)
Are you okay?
Oh. okay.
Here. easy. sit.
What's wrong?
Are you feeling faint again?
- Could you just get
me some tap water?
- Yeah. sure.
(gentle classical music)
(water distantly burbling)
Easy. easy.
- I think I'm going to be sick.
(Charlotte sighs)
Shit. shit. shit. shit.
(tense music)
(emeralds clattering)
(door thumps)
- [Tom] Char. what's going on?
- I'm fine.
(door thumps)
- [Tom] Let me in. Char!
- I'm fine.
I'll be out soon.
(foreboding music)
- [Tom] I'm not gonna leave you.
- I'm okay. I promise.
Could you get me some crackers?
They help to settle my stomach.
- [Tom] Ah. shit.
yeah. of course.
Where are they?
- I finished them.
- [Tom] What? You serious?
- Yeah.
- [Tom] Okay. I'll
be right back.
- Where are you gonna go?
- [Tom] There's a petrol
station near town.
- Great. hurry.
(footsteps distantly tapping)
(foreboding music)
(tense music)
Hi. Stefan. it's me.
I know it's your day off.
but I need your help.
I'm at the manor.
Pick up. pick up. pick up!
- Hi. Becki. it's me.
It's really urgent.
I need you to call me back!
(phone buzzes)
It's Tom!
- [Rebecka] What?
He gave me the
necklace as a gift.
He had no idea we were there.
- [Rebecka] What are you
talking about. Charlotte?
- Tom!
The hammer. he killed that girl!
- Holy fuck. is he after you?
- [Charlotte] No.
no. I'm at the manor.
but I've got maybe
10. 15 minutes. tops.
- You need to get out of there!
- No. I need real proof.
- [Rebecka] Can you do that?
- I have to.
- If I don't hear
from you again soon.
then I'm gonna call
the police. all right?
- Let's hope you do then.
(Charlotte panting)
(ominous music)
(foreboding music)
(light clicks)
(ominous music)
(tense music)
- You shouldn't be in here.
- Tom. what the fuck?
What the fuck?
This is sick!
- They're just
photographs. Char.
- They're not just photographs!
You have been lying
to me since we met.
It's been you all along.
following me. watching me.
I trusted you. and
you've been drugging me.
Why?
- I was afraid of losing you.
- But you set me up with Ewan?
- How am I not enough for you?
I make you laugh.
I give you everything you need.
and then as soon as I put
a man in front of you.
you didn't resist. did you?
You fell in love with him. Char.
- Where is he?
- He was paid to sleep with you.
How desperate can you be?
- I was there.
I saw you kill that woman.
Did you kill Ewan?
(door bangs)
- You recognize me?
- How the fuck did you find me?
- Did you think Troy
wouldn't tell me?
- [Tom] What do you want?
- I love her.
- I paid you to fuck her.
not fall in love with her.
- Yeah. but that's just it.
I'm really sorry.
but you just don't deserve
a woman like Charlotte.
so I'm going to
tell her everything.
Absolutely everything.
and I'm just going to
hope that she forgives me.
(foreboding music)
I'm here to settle
this honorably.
I don't want anything from you.
I'm gonna take real
good care of her.
(Ewan grunts)
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
(sword whooshes)
What are you doing?
(both grunting)
(ominous music)
(blood burbling)
- [Tom] He had no right
to try and take you away.
You're mine.
- Fuck you.
Let me go.
- I can't. Char.
(ominous music)
(Charlotte grunting)
No. no. let me go!
(Charlotte grunts)
(solemn music)
(dirt rustling)
(Tom panting)
(Charlotte gasping)
(Charlotte screams)
- You just wouldn't
behave. Charlotte.
It was your choice.
I tried. but it didn't
matter what I did.
- He was a good man!
I would have been happy
living on the street with him.
because then at
least I'd be free!
(ominous music)
- I hated watching you fuck him.
but they were the best
pictures I've ever taken.
(tense music)
(ominous music)
(Charlotte grunting)
(police sirens wailing)
(Tom gasping)
(foreboding music)
(gunshot bangs)
(Tom gasping)
- [Officer] Put the weapon down!
- He was trying to kill her!
- Put the weapon down!
(solemn music)
Are you okay. miss?
Miss. you need to come with me.
Come on.
(birds chirping)
(gentle music)
(baby cooing)
(somber music)
(phone ringing)
- [Charlotte] Becki. hi.
- [Rebecka] Hey. how's the baby?
- [Charlotte] Oh. he's fine.
I think he's teething.
- [Rebecka] I just
thought you'd like to know
the police are closing
the investigation.
- [Charlotte] What?
But they still
haven't found Ewan.
- [Rebecka] I guess I'm just
going to have to accept it.
Troy is still on the run.
- [Charlotte] Don't give up yet.
There's still an
avenue I'd like to try.
(gentle music)
Where is she?
(somber music)
- I thought you'd
look me up eventually.
Please.
(baby coos)
He looks exactly like you.
You'll grow strong.
like your mother.
So. I reckon you've got
some questions for me.
- Shall we start
with your sister?
- My sister got ill.
I needed to find the money
to pay for her treatment.
Isadora was only too helpful.
I didn't realize how much
that would compromise me.
(solemn music)
I had to keep their secrets.
Tom was afraid that Peter
would take Isadora away.
One day. I hear a loud
crash and I go running.
and there was Peter. at the
bottom of the stairs. dead.
- [Charlotte] And you
think Tom killed him?
- We buried him under
the rose bushes.
(eerie music)
(camera clicks)
So. now you know my secrets.
I hope you'll keep them.
(Charlotte screams)
(Tom grunts)
There is something else.
He was released from
hospital a few days ago.
(gentle music)
Tom thought he was dead.
(blood splatters)
(Ewan groans)
He wanted me to cover it up.
- He was a burglar.
He attacked me.
- [Tanner] But I
knew he was lying.
I kept him alive.
I used their money to help him.
(Ewan deeply breathing)
(gentle piano music)
I'll leave you alone.
- Charlotte.
(Ewan chuckles)
Darling.
Oh. my.
(somber orchestral music)